okay biting the wind it's a very tricky
one as you see we have a lot of things
going on so you better watch this video
that you're already watching hey thanks
alright so this is the first piece that
talks about a and B sections and if
you've heard me talk before you've
probably heard me talk about this stuff
every two sections discuss it further so
well I'm gonna bring it back for
close-ups so our a section is basically
a repeated pattern it's that thing that
the hands cross over so that happens a
couple times through our song if you see
those three lines we saw a face so if
you practice with those then you'll have
a really good shot so I would say do the
first two boxes practice those practices
over and over and that will help you
with my sis song so here's the first two
boxes
so let's learn that our hands go like
this and then they go back there when
they go there next this is the same as
this okay once you get there your hands
stay there so that's kind of like thumbs
on G is where it is so we go
and when we hit the thumbs on gbd4 went
3-2 in both hands
what is harder ever is my foot can't see
that but our foot goes up and down at
the beginning of everyone
of them
this is the second part to that as I
said if you do those first two boxes
that's that and then the second box is
your hand goes like this it's a practice
that a couple times
and should be good with that we're gonna
go to the box 25 where the a section
comes back visit someone okay so if
you're smart which I know you are cuz
you're watching this you're gonna pipe
this those two boxes in those two boxes
then those two boxes and you see how
similar they are okay just watch the
little endings they only good the end is
always a little bit different
alright so after you learn your a
section gonna be section that's fake
basically at the time okay so just watch
that watch that all right you're set
practice smart and you get smart riding
the wind